qcheck.md, before:

# Files Checked
## For Text
**AlbumCover**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1637882437\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3164718730\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3485828578\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1309106324\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2452388225\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4189180921\
\
\
**Brothers_small**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**Brothers**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 859271989\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 117934007\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 49295170\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 573482659\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2138996607\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3743475758\
\
\
**DogDog**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1213289\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2183791012\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3525358096\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1074007472\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1226772066\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 691715408\
\
\
**ExtraCredit**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3816931583\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1453681321\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 648382907\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4022854654\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3835378164\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4010331452\
\
\
**Floof**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 413492856\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2336812569\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3245551721\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3817330442\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1826781690\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1899527120\
\
\
**FriendlyPupper**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**Gadget_medium**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 983596868\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 768533538\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2581536362\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3106172489\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1203313606\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 764266213\
\
\
**Gadget_small**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3363550926\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1919464815\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 740987086\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 834083833\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3749402592\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1874301787\
\
\
**Gadget_tiny**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1149507196\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2551890578\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3343405810\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1920855746\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3589799890\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1213382735\
\
\
**Gadget**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 991866872\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 795713876\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2582886872\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4266579968\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 545389899\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2257339939\
\
\
**GadgetRadiator**\
\
\
**Grooming**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** Only blue\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**LastBastionOfRadiance**\
IMAGE FOUND??\
\
\
**MoJoJoJoCouch**\
\
\
**PupFriends**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**PuppyLeash**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**StegTest**\
\
\
**TheGrassIsGreener**\
\
\
**TripleThreat**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* True\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**WideDogIsWide**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**WinkyFace**\
IMAGE FOUND\
\
\
**Woof1**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** Only red\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\


## For Images

Commit message:

update message extract to specify which color channels to use

qcheck.md, after:

# Files Checked
## For Text
**AlbumCover**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1637882437\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3164718730\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3485828578\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1309106324\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2452388225\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4189180921\
\
\
**Brothers_small**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**Brothers**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 859271989\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 117934007\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 49295170\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 573482659\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2138996607\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3743475758\
\
\
**DogDog**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1213289\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2183791012\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3525358096\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1074007472\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1226772066\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 691715408\
\
\
**ExtraCredit**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3816931583\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1453681321\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 648382907\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4022854654\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3835378164\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4010331452\
\
\
**Floof**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 413492856\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2336812569\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3245551721\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3817330442\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1826781690\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1899527120\
\
\
**FriendlyPupper**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**Gadget_medium**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 983596868\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 768533538\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2581536362\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3106172489\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1203313606\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 764266213\
\
\
**Gadget_small**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3363550926\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1919464815\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 740987086\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 834083833\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3749402592\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1874301787\
\
\
**Gadget_tiny**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1149507196\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2551890578\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3343405810\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1920855746\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 3589799890\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 1213382735\
\
\
**Gadget**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 991866872\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 795713876\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 3 *skip_1000:* False\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2582886872\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 4266579968\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 545389899\

**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 2 *skip_1000:* True\
**Meaningful Output?** No\
**Message Length?** 2257339939\
\
\
**GadgetRadiator**\
\
\
**Grooming**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** Only blue\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**LastBastionOfRadiance**\
IMAGE FOUND??\
The image found hides a second image\
That second image has a message hidden as follows:\
\
\
**MoJoJoJoCouch**\
\
\
**PupFriends**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**PuppyLeash**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**StegTest**\
\
\
**TheGrassIsGreener**\
\
\
**TripleThreat**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* True\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**WideDogIsWide**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** All\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\
\
\
**WinkyFace**\
IMAGE FOUND\
\
\
**Woof1**\
**Args used** *header_size:* 32 *num_sig_bits:* 1 *uses_alpha* False *skip_1000:* False\
**Channels** Only red\
**Meaningful Output?** Yes\


## For Images
